# Credit-Reporting-via-Blockchain
I desire to build a dApp on the Neo Blockchain that would keep track and confirm credit reporting. This can then be used for cash flow purposes in the Neo Smart Economy. 

As time goes on, wallets such as the Neon Wallet will have a very deep tranaction history. If a wallet address is willing, their history can be analyzed and an initial estimate of credit worthiness can be generated. Any event when Gas is borrowed will be recorded on the blockchain. This will allow two types of credit reports: Debtors and Lendors. A Debtor report will show where a wallet address has borrowed Gas, and display time stamed payments to the Lendor. The time stamp will be done by block, which can be converted to a date and time. The Lendors report will show where an address has distributed assets, and will display their contribution to the economy.

By generating these two reports, a new type of credit score can be created. Blockchain technology allows for this becuase when a general public consensus agrees that the information is correct, those transactions are on the blockchain and can be viewed by anyone. In this case, this information can be used for determining the time value of money (interest rate) for a loan. 

The most exciting part of this idea is the fact that a person would have access to funds witin minutes, and those funds would come from any person in the Neo Smart Economy willing to loan it out to earn interest instead of from a corporate bank. The two parties would be incentivized to play fair due to the generation of the credit report. Great lendors/debtors will recieve great interest rates while people who are late on payments will recieve higher interest rates, all of which will be detrmined via Smart Contract. Another great result of this is that the interest rate will determined by a pure free market instead of by the large corporate banks. A transaction will not occur unless both parties are satisfied and the Smart Contract is enacted. 

An example of where this would be useful: 
  Recently my significant other was between jobs and moving to a new city. Her new job at the hospital was taking longer than expected to begin, and money became tight. The hospital was in the process of approving her background check and scheduling her for orentation, but bills were due and the checking account was overdrafting. She was in desperate need of money, and not a very large amount (roughly $500USD) to get the bills paid until she could get her first paycheck and back on her feet. 
    She considered going to the bank for a loan, but the issue was so short term it was not worth the trouble it is dealing with a bank to get an amount like that. I told her if she had a Neon Wallet I would be able to send her Gas almost instantly, and we could have agreed on an interest rate. The smart contract could be written such that I would give 10 Gas at an exchange rate of $50/Gas. Since I know her personally, I could decide the interest rate to be very low. The payment structure can also be agreed upon. There can be a certain deadline it must be paid back before penalties are added. All of this would be agreed upon when the 10 Gas were transferred. I could even say I simply want 10.1 Gas in return in the next two months, and she would have her funds instantly. 
    
When making a transaction such as the example above when two parties do not know eachother, only the wallet address, is when the credit reporting system is needed. 
